Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Lauren Kelly: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. What's happening.
Lauren Kelly: Let me just grab my coffee really quick. One second.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Here we go. Um, so, did you know I called you last week, trying to get in with you again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. And I was really I was back to back to back on that day I was trying to find a place to put you and I couldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everyone just seem to show up for their appointments. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: The one day, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know so
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. So basically what I wanted to talk to you about. So, um, you know, we had talked on Tuesday about just you know where I was at how is focusing on. Okay, I've got to get housing and
Lauren Kelly: I have to kind of start to move on with my life, you know, without all because I I can't keep just hoping it's all going to work out.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm going to be moving back there. When like you know that might not be the case and everything. So, and, you know, we hadn't talked for a few days.
Lauren Kelly: Or Tuesday night he had called me a few times and I didn't answer and then he talks to me like, hey, it's really important. Can you, you know, call me that. So,
Lauren Kelly: Back in a stepped outside because you know I'm at my friend's house and it sounds I signed consent in the urban some cigarette and call him back.
Lauren Kelly: And he was like, Hey, do you have a minute. And I'm like, Yeah, what's up, he was like, Well, why don't you step outside and I'm like, I am outside and then I was like oh and I hear like a door closed and it's he's he's
Lauren Kelly: Like at the house, you know, he's he's there. So, um, he's like, you know, I just want to talk to you.
Lauren Kelly: And basically, he said, you know, I've been thinking about it and thinking about it. And he said, You know, I want you to come back. I
Lauren Kelly: I just realized like, we just need to forget about everything in the past. If you're doing such an amazing job you've done so much to like re earned my trust and
Lauren Kelly: Every day, I'm just building more and more trust for you. And I just think like we're
Lauren Kelly: We know that we both wanted to be together this whole time. We've known that that was the goal. And I just finally realized I was holding on to like
Lauren Kelly: hurt and pain and being stubborn when I just don't want to spend one more day of my life without you. And I want you, you know, I want you to be my girlfriend. I want you to move back then I want
Lauren Kelly: You know I want I want us to just not waste another day. I don't want spend one more day without you everything which again.
Lauren Kelly: Is everything I wanted to hear for two months, you know, like everything here, but of course I have this little bit of apprehension, because
Lauren Kelly: I had been building up a wall, especially the last like week or two of, like, okay, now I have to face like without him kind of thing.
Lauren Kelly: So in that moment, like he was like, why don't you describe the dogs, you know, get some stuffing come back right now you know and and i said i. So I was really kind of cold with him at first, and I was just like, you know, I don't think we're there yet. I'm not ready to come back at
Lauren Kelly: You know, yeah, I wanted to hear all these things, but I don't just want to like jump. The second you say, you know what I mean, kind of thing. But of course, like
Lauren Kelly: That's like my head speaking, if we're going with my heart. I wanted to just go there right that you know so
Lauren Kelly: I ended. I didn't go back, but we talked for like three hours, and it was a good conversation. Obviously, I mean, he seemed just really open and ready to put everything in the past and and
Lauren Kelly: We were talking about. And I said, I really like for this us to be successful.
Lauren Kelly: I need you to focus on the person I am today my behaviors, my actions today and I'm not saying let's forget about everything from the past, but I can't have you bringing it up all the time. I can't have you
Lauren Kelly: You know making me relive my passing mentally going back to those dark places like I need you to, to, you know, judge me on my behaviors today and my actions today.
Lauren Kelly: You know, in any I 100% I'm willing to do that. I just want to start fresh and everything. So the next day was Wednesday, which was the my dad's birthday.
Lauren Kelly: You know, why don't you come over you know obviously like you know I'm in this 30 garage. Here there. It's this really nice apartment, you know, he said, Why don't you just come over and relax and like you know
Lauren Kelly: We'll spend that day together. We'll do some things to honor your dad and
Lauren Kelly: You know, and obviously, I'd rather you know that day I really didn't want to be alone. You know, and I thought, and so then I called you because I wanted to talk to you have like
Lauren Kelly: Am I, am I, I wasn't sure what your advice would be, like, am I running to back too soon. Like what am I, you know i don't know i just i wanted i
Lauren Kelly: Because again, my heart is like, go, go. Now that my head is like, I don't know. You know, so, um,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. Yeah, I don't know if that's just that wall. I'd built up a thinking I'm it's me against the world again and now it's it's kind of hard for me to like let him back in because I spent so much time like building that wall up of, like, Okay, I have to focus on being alone.
Lauren Kelly: Um, but, so I did go there. On Wednesday, and I ended up so I always pack really heavy. I'm just one of those people like if I go somewhere for a day, I'll bring stuff.
Lauren Kelly: So I had brought up in just over there. So I actually the only reason I'm here. Like my friends garage right now is because I had a 9am dentist appointment and conquered and
Lauren Kelly: So the apartments in San Ramon, it's like 45 minutes away from Concord and the next time over from conquered is Pittsburgh, which is where my friends graduate. So I figured
Lauren Kelly: This would be if I was incorporated this morning, it'd be a good time for me to come back to the Pittsburgh house and there were some things like I needed. Um, and then I just figured I do the call here because there wasn't enough time to get all the way back to San Ramon and still make
Lauren Kelly: So, um, so yeah, so I'm kind of in this weird so so then. So now it's been so since Wednesday. I'm just so it's been like, what, five days or something that
Lauren Kelly: I work and it's been amazing. Like, literally hasn't brought up a single thing about my past like we've just been
Lauren Kelly: super happy and it's been like the way it was before. Like there's just, you know, we've just been rebuilding a lot of trust like one thing I've done every night as I just leave my phone in
Lauren Kelly: The kitchen and I told him a few days in. I said, Do you know why I do that and he said no. And I said, I do that because I just I just have full
Lauren Kelly: Transparency, I'm not hiding it in my purse anymore. I'm not, you know, like I just leave it out there and he was like, Oh, you don't need to do that. I don't, I don't want to look at it they don't you know that's not where we're at, you know, and, and
Lauren Kelly: It's just been it's been really great. Like, I wasn't sure my apprehensive was
Lauren Kelly: He could be saying he's ready to put stuff in the past but is he really ready to do that, you know, like what am i vector. And it's just that all over again.
Lauren Kelly: But we're like five days in and it's literally been not one mention of the past like everything has been about like, like I ended up getting that and a workbook that we talked about and group.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. And I love that thing that's like the best thing I found since I've been in recovery about like it just really makes you go in depth on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every is
Lauren Kelly: Just kind of okay let's make a fearless moral inventory of ourselves. It's like, well, how do you do that like these are the questions that help you really get into that and and I
Lauren Kelly: Firmly believe like getting the drugs out of my system was
Lauren Kelly: My problems. The bigger things like changing the behaviors and the thought processes that I had built up for so many years.
Lauren Kelly: So this is that work with is is amazing. I'm getting me to really like delve into that stuff. So like, you know, he spent like hours of me just, we will go through the things and
Lauren Kelly: Talk about each question and discuss them together and whatever, you know, like you keep it really is prioritizing like my recovery and everything he's going to go to
Lauren Kelly: A meeting with me tomorrow because we found smart recovery which is like kind of less God is kind of more up my alley.
Lauren Kelly: So we wanted to try that. And I was going to go, but he's like, No, I want to go with you. It's really interesting to me. So this is like the all I know and love from my early January when like you know you had first got back together.
Lauren Kelly: Before I screwed it up. I like lying about the frame thing and then the hotel thing and all that.
Lauren Kelly: And and he's been telling me like I'm like I'm the Lauren, he knows and loves from early January row was so raw and vulnerable and just so open and honest about everything.
Lauren Kelly: And he has this way of just this uncanny way of knowing, like when I'm being honest and he's right. Like, you know, like that era thing he knew that one day, everything else is truthful, he was able to hone in on the one thing and like
Lauren Kelly: I haven't lied about anything I've been 100% honest about everything, and he knows that, because he's so good at, like,
Lauren Kelly: Telling that. So we're just in a really good place. However, I was kind of nervous for this call with us today because I'm like
Lauren Kelly: What up, Rebecca is like, whoa, whoa. Like, you need to take a step back, you're jumping way too soon, maybe like you should stay at DNS for a few more weeks and see, you know, from a step back, if this is working, but
Lauren Kelly: Obviously, like in my head. I would love nothing more than to go back there. But still, like, I haven't moved everything I have a few bags of stuff there. I still have a lot here at and so I'm, I'm still kind of
Lauren Kelly: Again, like my plan was today to get some stuff from Dan's and bring it back there, but I
Lauren Kelly: It's not like I'm asking you to make decisions for me or anything but a lot of it.
Lauren Kelly: You know, I just, I was really interested in what your thoughts are on all of this because like I wasn't expecting him to come back and say all those things, but it was
Lauren Kelly: It was everything I've been wanting for these last two months and then to see the five last five days of him.
Lauren Kelly: 100% like you know like walking the walk, you know, and actually being able to really put that stuff in the past and really just focus on like the
Lauren Kelly: Really the much better person that I am today and letting that stuff go and he's really really been like doing that so I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm just interested of what your thoughts are on all this and like did I make the wrong decision by just going back there.
Lauren Kelly: And you know, I didn't do I didn't go the first day. But I went the second and then I didn't plan on staying so long, but it was just like so amazing that we did, he ended up taking yesterday after work just like hanging out with me all day like
Lauren Kelly: It was, it's just been really healthy really amazing like nothing but supportive and loving and happy and you know just the way that we, that we are at our best. You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: I mean they're, they're just hasn't been when
Lauren Kelly: There's like one thing that we there was like a little
Lauren Kelly: Argument kind of thing like misunderstanding. We had one more in. And within like five minutes. We had talked it on the whole thing was over, you know, and so he he was saying like, look at how quick, we just get through things like we're just able to
Lauren Kelly: Just talk about him see eye to eye and we move on to the next thing. And and our communications like better than it's ever been or trust is better than it's ever been.
Lauren Kelly: And so yeah, I don't know, it's so I'm not sure did. I jumped too soon. Should I stay back here a few more days to kind of
Lauren Kelly: Have some separate or or do you think it's it's safe and good to, like, say, Okay, let's do this and move back in like like he wants me to like my heart wants me to
Lauren Kelly: But that part of my head that scared of getting her is kind of like, oh my god, what if something changes or whatever but
Lauren Kelly: He always said like, and all the letters you write and everything. He would always say when our lives like intertwined. Again, it's going to be it for us. Like, I firmly believe that and i i i believe that, too. So
Lauren Kelly: That's like what, and he was saying that today when he came back, he was like, babe, this is this is such a huge day for us because this is the first time.
Lauren Kelly: We can move forward in a relationship completely unencumbered, you know, like we're everything's out there and we know, we know it. We put him in each other for it and we can just move on, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Again, I wasn't sure if he could do that. But he's really been doing it. And again, it's only five days, you know, so it's not like it's a significant amount of time, but
Lauren Kelly: He's 100% fulfilled, like what he said. And obviously, I'm way happier when I'm with him and a map house and everything. So yeah, I want to just problem myself right now and just be like, Okay, I'm moving back and not under percent but um I just was really interested in
Lauren Kelly: What do you think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that the minute that you are willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Realize that you need to be in recovery for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let go of the expectations of the outcome. Yes, when things started falling in put into place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean that in in another week that things might pop up. But what's most important is that you're able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talk them over talk them out to the resolution and not in a healthy way. That's right, not yelling, screaming, not hands on not being defensive not running out the door, but being able to say, okay, these are one of the tough conversations that we need to have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're going to have it. Yeah. And being able to walk it all the way through to the end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the very beginning, Lauren. When you and I first started meeting, everything was all about Paul
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you transform that to everything all about Lauren and that's where you need to stay your recovery needs to come first.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything else needs to come after that. So as long as you're engaging and you're doing this for the right reasons. And you're working on yourself. You know what I mean. I say, you know, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it, it's a safe place for you and it provides
Lauren Kelly: Hold at all. He's not like there's, it's like 45 minutes away from all my drug dealers where where I am.
Lauren Kelly: Right now I'm like three blocks call my drug dealers, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I mean access isn't enough for me. I'm not. I'm way stronger my recovery. It's not like oh my gosh my drug dealers three blocks away.
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to go get some I'm you know I had Narcos in my hand not that long ago, and it wasn't an issue for me. So that's not the issue. But it does every time I drive past that street or whatever it is kind of like
Lauren Kelly: Well, it's right there.
Lauren Kelly: San Ramon, it's like far away from me. He has never experimented like the worst thing he's ever done smoke weed and like college and stuff. So like
Lauren Kelly: It that he doesn't even smoke weed. Now, you know, it's like he doesn't even drink you know it's it's it's
Lauren Kelly: It couldn't be less of an issue there and I feel really lucky because I feel like a lot of people in recovery like their, their spouse or something probably still does drugs and it would be near impossible to get clean but it really is.
Lauren Kelly: Like I lucked out that I'm able to get almost an hour away from where all those bad behaviors and everything were happening.
Lauren Kelly: And I can be in the situation with someone who wants nothing to do with drugs and wants nothing more than a clean Lauren and and that thinks I'm at my very best when I'm clean and and
Lauren Kelly: And when I'm putting my recovery like even before him, you know, and that's always searching. We had a conversation last night.
Lauren Kelly: Here I would phone them like even if we had broken up and never got back together. I know for a fact, I would still be clean right now. And he was like, I know that to you know i know that too and that it wasn't
Lauren Kelly: Just based on him in the beginning it was but it's, it hasn't been for a long time, you know, and, um,
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, it's I feel really lucky that that's just not a part of his life for his world at all. So when I'm there. It's there, aren't those
Lauren Kelly: Like it's the people, places and things. I don't have those temptations. They don't have those thoughts. I'm just like,
Lauren Kelly: Again, I feel like I'm dealing with natural built. I mean, from like being around the person I love so much that it's like I don't even want
Lauren Kelly: To even think about using and all I think about like getting into another meeting and working in my workbook showing up for group and therapy and doing all the things that are going to make me like the best version of me and
Lauren Kelly: That's all. Ever since the day I met him. He's always made me want to be a better person and
Lauren Kelly: And that's like right back where we are. So I don't have to focus on. Oh my god, these horrible mistakes. I mean, in the past, I can really focus on like every day how I'm going to progress and move forward and
Lauren Kelly: That's what I've wanted this whole time, you know, ever since I finally like owned up to these big secrets of me being a drug addict and all those things.
Lauren Kelly: My biggest dream would be like if I could put those things in the past and not forget about them but but be able to be judged on my behaviors in my actions today and not
Lauren Kelly: Eight months ago, lauren and and it feels like really are there and just like only fear was did I jumped the gun or not. But, you know, you think it's it's a good thing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that it was inevitable. You know, I'm here to walk with you in your decisions right
Lauren Kelly: No, I'm not asking you, like, make it for me but but your opinion really matters to me because, you know, the whole thing. You've seen me cry, my eyes out for hours over this, you know, you've seen
Lauren Kelly: You know me up my lowest lows and everything. So it's a, you know, and you know that this is what I always wanted. This is what I talked about is like just wanting him to be able to see me for me today and
Lauren Kelly: And who I'm going to be you know tomorrow and the next day, as I stay on this path and and to love me for that person you know and and to
Lauren Kelly: Be willing to have like a clean, fresh start. And I, you know, there were times I didn't know if we could do that. And it felt like I was losing
Lauren Kelly: Like the love of my life and to know that he's ready to do that. I've been so ready to do that. So it feels like we 100% are on the same page like probably for the first time ever, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: It just feels really good and really healthy and really right. You know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I
Lauren Kelly: was hoping you would think that was a good thing that I was scared you were gonna say, Well, Lord, slow down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I am walking with you. So you know if this is your decision in this moment in in your life, then I'm right here beside you will walk through. We'll talk through we'll, we'll get through whatever pops up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the great part about this therapeutic alliance is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't get to do. I will not judge you for any decisions that you make.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're making the best decision that you can make for you in this moment, and it is something that you've always wanted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want you to keep your eyes open. Keep your blinders off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And know that even from the very beginning, the problems in your relationship with him are two sided
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, they're not one sided so you know what I mean, as long as you you you know keep that peace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're prepared, whatever happens is going to happen in the future. It's about walking through day by day right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah right, gaining strength in your recovery and what an awesome thing that he's willing to go to meetings with you and support you and learn about what you've, you know, got to walk through and what you've got to do in order to continue on this path that rocks.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I mean, he's definitely show me like he loves me on a level. I didn't even know like existed in that he's willing to
Lauren Kelly: Accept because again like drugs or I've never been a part of his world. So it's not like he knows drug addicts have friends who are joined out except for him to like accept
Lauren Kelly: The fact that he's in love with the drug addict and lives with a drug addict, like that's something I never even thought he could do and to see that not only can he except that he can
Lauren Kelly: Pretty much embrace it and even want to be a part of the street, you know, it'd be one thing for him just support me going to meetings and okay yeah you can go, whatever, but
Lauren Kelly: He, you know, we're working in my workbook for hours where you know I'm asking him, will you know this is something I've noticed to me. Do you notice that, well, yeah, I've noticed that. And this and, you know, and we really
Lauren Kelly: Talk through everything and and he has always a really interesting perspective on things because he can see it from whole different light than I can, you know, because I'm only seeing things from within.
Lauren Kelly: And sometimes I don't think I'm making as much progress as I am. And he's like, No, no, no. You need to realize what you've done here, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And so he he makes me he brings out a whole new level of like pride in my recovery that I didn't have before because if the one I love more than anything.
Lauren Kelly: Can see these positive changes in me, then that's all I ever wanted. You know, and then that means I'm doing something right here, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Again, like this is all I ever wanted. And maybe because I'm now getting it. I'm like terrified of it a little bit and and even told me a couple days ago that like
Lauren Kelly: That one of the things he always loved about me was that I was like
Lauren Kelly: Super, super effective with him. And I guess since I had been back I hadn't been that way I and I asked him, like, percentage wise, what was then we said about 60% of what something like almost half as, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Less affection. And I said, I kind of thought about it for a minute. And I thought, you know, I think that's my just fear of, like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: This is so good. I'm scared to like enjoy it too much because
Lauren Kelly: What if you know, but but at the end of the day, like I know I'm not going to screw up the way I screwed up before I know I'm never gonna, I'm not going to use I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm not gonna lie, I'm not and if if I did by accident. I would go to him and tell him right after you know what I mean, if that is something stupid slip, but it's not going to be
Lauren Kelly: A grand betrayal. It's not an end if something like that happens on his end it, then you know I can't control that. But I can control me and my actions and
Lauren Kelly: I know that I'm not going to do that. So, in my mind, I really see our biggest problem.
Lauren Kelly: Being a misunderstanding or, you know, just some little issues and those kind of things we've never had problems working through it's only been like the brand or trails that we've had issues, you know, big problems with
Lauren Kelly: And after how much we've gone through and how much we hurt each other and how much we've decided to forgive each other for it. Like I just don't see that happening. I understand that the possibility
Lauren Kelly: I know on my end, it's not. I can't control his end, but I just don't
Lauren Kelly: See us working this hard to get back together and to forgive each other for things we thought we could never forgive each other for
Lauren Kelly: And to be in this great place. Just to fuck it up again. You know, I just, I don't see that I obviously my eyes are open and I know like life is life and anything can happen, but I know for me I i'm not capable of doing hurting him in that way ever again. And so
Lauren Kelly: My piece of it is those things won't happen. So anything that any misunderstanding or argument or anything is something we can work through. So I don't see
Lauren Kelly: That, you know, I think we're in like a great place. The best place I've ever been in any relationship, the most healthiest place like the I just, I feel like we can face things and we can do it together and we can do it in a healthy way and
Lauren Kelly: I'm really excited about that. There is this little bit of fear in me. But again, I don't want my life to be driven by fear.
Lauren Kelly: It's just so good that I'm scared. You know, and I don't really know how to get like past that and and
Lauren Kelly: And completely break that wall down. He says, I asked him, I think, last night, have I been doing better with affection thing. And he and he said, yeah, ever since. I'm glad I brought it up because you have, you know, been doing better and
Lauren Kelly: I'm trying to kind of break down that wall, but I still feel it a little bit of like again like I'm still asking you, like, Is it okay if I go back, but you know like
Lauren Kelly: I still have this little bit of fear, am I doing the right thing. Am I not, but I know what feels good and right in my heart, and this feels good. Right.
Lauren Kelly: Heart, but there's just a stupid part of my brain of like, well, what if this and what if that and what if this but you know
Lauren Kelly: To be honest, without him. I'm absolutely miserable. You know, I don't eat. I don't sleep I cry. I'm miserable and with him like
Lauren Kelly: every second of my day is just like fulfilled and happy you know whether I'm with him or not, like,
Lauren Kelly: I'm just happy and at peace knowing like work good and, you know, at the end of the day when he gets off work or I'm done, you know, with my therapy or whatever, like I'm going to get to see him and
Lauren Kelly: And you know tomorrow I'm looking for this meeting to go through with them and just having that support. They're not having to walk through that alone and
Lauren Kelly: It's just, it's, it's everything I wanted and everything I've been working towards and
Lauren Kelly: Then to be on and not like all I've been working towards is a relationship with him. But what I've been working towards is a healthy, happy life.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and he's a huge piece of that. And it's kind of hard for me to picture a healthy, happy life without him. I know I can still be clean, without him that's on an issue but
Lauren Kelly: My happiest healthiest is with him in my life, you know, and it feels really awesome to have that, again, I just have that little fear of, like, Oh my gosh, what if I'm jumping
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay. So it's good to have a little bit of healthy fear. Yeah, and you know it is. It's very good, and it will dissipate the longer that this goes good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I want you to recognize something, and that is that you have to work through being happy with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And no, no matter what happens between you and Paul Lauren is going to be okay. Lauren will learn how to find her happiness within Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've got to really keep your eye on Warren and where she's at and what she's doing. And, you know, being in recovery is a very selfish selfless way to live. So working internally on you doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The work that you're beginning to do allows for the rest of your relationships to flourish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. So there has to be, you know, that whole piece of you being able to venture
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to do this for yourself as well. Still getting a sponsor still even doing a book study with your in a book workbook and sitting with women and working through that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would be really beneficial because then you'll be able to build those female relationships that will support you.
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to do tonight by myself so I'm doing that tonight. And then we're doing this, my recovery thing tomorrow. So yeah, I'm hoping to make some connections or it's more women.
Lauren Kelly: Doing that tonight. So that's definitely something I'm working harder. And I'd like to make some friendships in recovery and oh, also, um, so, you know, in our group, you know the girl era, and then
Lauren Kelly: She reached out to me on Facebook and she's, she's like the only younger one that's around myself like I kind of relate
Lauren Kelly: Group like certain things like she'll say, I'm just like, oh, I really relate to her, and it was funny because I've kind of been thinking like a week before that of like
Lauren Kelly: I kinda want to like exchange numbers with her because I wouldn't mind just like checking in with her. See how she's doing and whatever, but I was like, how do I do that. My only contact with hers and group. And I'm like, I don't know if
Lauren Kelly: I should be like hey Chiara. And then I thought, like maybe. That'd be weird to the other girls that I
Lauren Kelly: Didn't ask for their number, whatever, but she found you on Facebook. And so, um, so, yeah, like she and I have kind of start talking outside of group. And I'm like, that's really what she's Sacramento, which is only, like, an hour from me.
Lauren Kelly: So like that would be cool to like maybe one day go meet her, and go to a meeting with her or something. And so I want to see. Is that okay, but I do that that we're allowed to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think it's awesome.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so, um, I just thought, the more you know female friends I have in this, the better you know and
Lauren Kelly: You know, even if it's text here and there to check in.
Lauren Kelly: We're fighting the same battle. And I think our recovery dates are like a week or something off so they're like right parallel to each other, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Um, but it was interesting that group yesterday she was talking about how she
Lauren Kelly: Was breaking up like her dad's medications for him, and there was oxy cotton there and she was like shaking having it in her hand and almost took it.
Lauren Kelly: And but she was too scared to tell her dad. Hey, I'm in recovery. I can't do this anymore. And like
Lauren Kelly: Paul and I were talking about that after the fact that I'm like, that's terrifying to me. I feel like she's setting yourself up for failure because here. She's handling these feels like she's too scared to tell someone
Lauren Kelly: Hey, I'm in recovery. I can't handle your pills anymore. And I was thinking, like, not like I'm further along than that. But I was thinking like if I hadn't been honest with like Paul and like the person I live with and that sort of thing.
Lauren Kelly: About being in recovery. Like, I don't think I would be successful at all. You know, and so I was thinking like
Lauren Kelly: I like to talk to her about that, like, not in group or anything. Just how much like
Lauren Kelly: Being honest with the people in my life, and especially the people you live with how beneficial that sense to me. And how her dad's probably not gonna be mad at her. He's probably going to rally around her. And that's what she's like she has this fear but
Lauren Kelly: It's not like hey I because she said she uses still oxy cotton from him and she doesn't want him to be bad about that and everything. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: You know, it's not like you're still using, you can say, Look, I've got two months to clean time under my belt. I'm changing and all that, but
Lauren Kelly: It just kind of when I hear other people that are still so scared of like being honest with the people in their life. It makes me feel
Lauren Kelly: Really proud that I've done that, you know, and obviously not with everyone like my mom so doesn't know that lives hours and hours away and is super religious, whatever. But I've done it with several of my close friends I've done it with Paul
Lauren Kelly: In depth on every level. It'd be gone in and out of every you know it's gotten into every single lie and and gone in depth about what it was why I did it. You know, all those things.
Lauren Kelly: And that's been a really like liberating and freeing experience for me because now there's nothing
Lauren Kelly: I have to worry about him, finding out about. There's nothing from the assets going to come out because he said that if something has been asking you, like, yeah, we talked about that for an hour a month.
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean, like, there's nothing that's going to come out anymore and
Lauren Kelly: You know, for the last almost 10 years of my life. I just had these fears of everyone around me finding out what I was really doing and who I really wasn't. I don't have to do that anymore and
Lauren Kelly: And it just it's it's better than taking pills. It's better than any high I had before, of just feeling like I can just look in the mirror and I can go to sleep at night. And I've actually been sleeping better than I have in years and
Lauren Kelly: I just for the first time ever. I've actually been like feeling better about myself. And again, like
Lauren Kelly: I've been setting boundaries with Paul and telling him what I need, like, one thing I told him is like you know I don't want
Lauren Kelly: To when we had the original conversation. I said, you know, you need to file for divorce, like that's something that needs to happen. I can't get serious with you until you found. He's like, done. And he was calling like mediators and lawyers and stuff. The next day,
Lauren Kelly: To set appointments for that, like, and he's like anything that's important to you, just let me know and
Lauren Kelly: You know, I will do it. And I will be accountable to you for so he's willing to have. It's not just, like, well, you need to be accountable and the trust issues are with you. He's recognizing that I have that with him, too. And that he's willing to face that however I need him to and
Lauren Kelly: And so, yeah, it's like, and I was thinking about it. And I was thinking, like, I honestly think this
Lauren Kelly: This is the first time in my life.
Lauren Kelly: Not only like with friends or relationships like this is literally the first time I've ever set a boundary with anyone. I've never told a boyfriend before like you can't talk to me like that or like you can't touch me. You can't put your hands on like
Lauren Kelly: I've never done that before. I've always just thought, okay, this. You know what I mean. And for the first time ever. I'm like, this is what I need. You need to do this, this and you know and and they're not unreasonable like the reasonable things they're fair, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And it's like, that's one thing. Like we both say like if there's something we're going to ask the other one. It's going to be a reasonable thing. It's not going to be some unfair totally out there thing you know it's going to be reasonable and understandable and
Lauren Kelly: It just, it feels really good to tell people like this is how you're allowed to treat me. This is not how you're allowed to treat you know and I
Lauren Kelly: And literally never done that before. And that's crazy to me that I'm a 36 year old woman, and I've never like told someone know before you know you can't do that and
Lauren Kelly: I basically let friends and family members and relationships. Just walk all over me, which makes my self worth about this big, you know, and now I
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm not quite to that point yet where I'm like, cool. I'm super worthy of love and I love myself and all that, but like I am getting to a point where
Lauren Kelly: I'm starting to think like, I'm not this shitty person, you know, and even like I'm seeing like the real Bourne come out more and more every day and it's making me
Lauren Kelly: It's just driving me like every day that I have under my belt is I'm just stronger and stronger in the fact that I never ever want to use it.
Lauren Kelly: And I never want to be that person again and and know that I really won't. I, I, there's nothing like that could make me use again it. There's really not and and
Lauren Kelly: It just and knowing that it's not for Paul because I've been without Paul and I still stay clean you know and and I had surgery and I still stay clean and I you know what I mean, I've done all these things and and
Lauren Kelly: I just, I'm just really happy with where I'm at. I recognize. I still have a lot, a lot, a lot of work to do, but I'm actually really seeing like the Harvard kind of paying off now.
Lauren Kelly: You know, in my relationships and
Lauren Kelly: And also the way that I'm feeling about myself, you know, and I haven't felt like a positive feeling about myself. I'm 10 years you know and
Lauren Kelly: So just seeing how hard I'm working every day how how productive. I am every day, how much I get done every day.
Lauren Kelly: Just every day. I'm just moving forward. And I feel like I'm taking leaps and bounds and just in the last 60 days I could make a list of literally like 25 things that I've done.
Lauren Kelly: That I neglected for 10 years that I've just checked off the list. Oh, also yesterday, I finally found out I got the results from that cancer screening. I had, and I'm cancer free. Everything was benign.
Lauren Kelly: Nice. Yes. And that was like I was super scared because I've neglected that for like four years, so I thought it would be back.
Lauren Kelly: tenfold. You know, and so I finally just found out they just want me to check up on it once a year. And, you know, so I don't have to worry about it till March of next year or even think about it.
Lauren Kelly: And so that was yesterday. That was huge, you know that now I have a clean bill of health. So that was the one thing kind of hold me back. Can I get back to work again, or do I do with this now.
Lauren Kelly: And so it just kind of feels like nothing stopping me and I just feel like I don't know if it's God or the universe, but like
Lauren Kelly: I feel like it's rewarding me like no you're doing so well, and like, we're not going to have this helping hold you back, you're going to place for boring, you're doing so well and it's like now. It seemed like bad things.
Lauren Kelly: Used to just kind of follow me around, but that was when I was a bad person. It's like I had had karma, coming back to me because I was a bad person, and now
Lauren Kelly: That I'm not lying to anybody and being 100% transparent with the people I love. I'm owning my past decisions, but more than that. I'm focused on becoming this better person.
Lauren Kelly: And always moving forward and never just been okay with where I'm at today. Knowing I just I have so much more work to do. And I need to just constantly progress and be focused, you know, eyes on the prize and be focused on
Lauren Kelly: Where I want to be, you know, a year under my belt two years in a row 10 years under my belt. Meantime,
Lauren Kelly: And knowing I'm going to get there and being willing to do whatever it takes to get there and knowing it says Lauren journey and not like Lauren and Paul journey or, you know, anything like that. Um, it's
Lauren Kelly: Actually finally seeing like it pay off or like that first month of recovery. It's like you're just there's so much guilt and
Lauren Kelly: All you can think about is the past, and how do I get through this. Like, and trying to do the word but not really seen it yet, like now I'm in, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I think I actually lost track. I think I'm around like 70 days or something like that. I know I was 60 days I think like last Thursday or something. So I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Not last Thursday, but the Thursday before. So yeah, I'm like over like a week and a half over that, um,
Lauren Kelly: So, you know, I'm actually, I'm just way more clear headed now. You know, I just, I'm able to
Lauren Kelly: Really like process things in a healthier way. Like I said, like when we had a little just minor disagreement, the other day.
Lauren Kelly: I got that overwhelm or and feeling where it got really into my head and that kind of started to spiral with. Oh my gosh. This means that, and these negative things and he was able to be
Lauren Kelly: Just like Lori know calm down, you know, and, and I was able to take a step back and within like five to 10 minutes. The whole thing was like clear
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, and he handled it. Nobody raised their voice. No, but you know, it's just it was actually a really like love being healthy conversation and and we're we were better than ever, you know, and knowing that I can handle conflict or
Lauren Kelly: You know, not happy or great feelings without getting overwhelmed and running like I did before, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And like, no, no, no. Let's sit here. Let's look each other in the face and let's handle this, you know, and let's do it in a way that's healthy for both of us. And, and then let's drop it and move forward. Once we handled it and not live
Lauren Kelly: You live in this moment all day. You know what I mean. And, and it's not just me doing that he's been amazing at that too. So, um,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, it, it fills it just, it feels really great. And again, like I think he was right when we said this is this is so huge for us because this is the first time.
Lauren Kelly: We can like walk for move forward in a relationship completely unencumbered, you know, and we're just out there and and it does like you know obviously
Lauren Kelly: The relationship was great in the beginning before either of us have heard each other, but I actually wouldn't trade that what I have now for that because this is so much more real it. No, because
Lauren Kelly: You know back then when things were great. Perfect. He didn't really know who I was. They know what I was doing, you know, in a mean and now
Lauren Kelly: Those when I'm doing. He knows who I am. For the depths of my core and and and
Lauren Kelly: To know that like I always thought I was just horrible shitty person to my core and that's why I didn't want people to see that. But now seeing like, no, that was like attic or that's not who like boring Kelly is and
Lauren Kelly: And now I get to really be morning Kelly. And I'm like, well, or Kelly is that she'd ever put like she's actually kind of cool. And like, you know, like being clear headed as she's actually a really good friend and she's a really awesome girlfriend and
Lauren Kelly: And she's reliable and dependable and when my friends.
Lauren Kelly: Text me or call me like I had a few friends so me like you're really responsive now like before I text you or call you and you and get back to me for days or whatever and like
Lauren Kelly: Now I hear right back from you and things, and I hadn't even noticed I was doing that, but that's just like me, respecting the people in my life more
Lauren Kelly: You know, and so people in my life for noticing these changes in me and meeting them more dependable person and
Lauren Kelly: That's who I've always wanted to be. I wanted to be that friend, you can count on. Like if you need a ride to the airport, I will show up and I'll be there on time, you know, and, and for the longest time I wasn't that person, you know, I was the least dependable friend.
Lauren Kelly: He's reliable person and it's just, it's really cool seeing it even the people that are close to me and seeing like them. Notice
Lauren Kelly: Here that that's one of my favorite things to seeing that like
Lauren Kelly: It's not just me see it. The people that I really love in that matter the most of your secret to and that that's that's almost like the biggest passion five of them all, you know, more than like getting
Lauren Kelly: Fixed or like any of these little things I've done just seeing that, like, people can actually see I'm changing and that it's it's worth
Lauren Kelly: You know, and it just makes me think, like, there's nothing I would give this up, or is it just feels so good to me like
Lauren Kelly: I can't imagine anything making me want to go back to that she plays like why why would I want that life again. There's nothing about the life I want. There's nothing that's appealing to me about that.
Lauren Kelly: I truly feel better.
Lauren Kelly: Even physically now every day. Then when I was getting high. I thought like, Oh my gosh, I'm going to risk getting a high, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: I actually feel better now than any pill ever made me feel. And I don't know why I can see that back then that this actually feels physically better I sleep better, I'm not throwing up all the time.
Lauren Kelly: You know, I want to work out. I do things that are productive all day. And so just like being on my ass in high, you know I it's it's so much more of a fulfilling life and I can't believe I
Lauren Kelly: Just didn't have a grasp of that for so many years, you know, I just, I guess my head was just in the cloud or something because I just didn't know
Lauren Kelly: How much was to offer me on the other side, you know, or sure was in seeing that now and I'm only a few months in a couple months in, like, I feel like that's just going to be more and more significant. The further I go and
Lauren Kelly: The more I see
Lauren Kelly: You know my hard work paid off because I know I'm just going to keep blazing forward on this path like nothing's been a different year stop me.
Lauren Kelly: I've been through a lot of hardship in these couple months. And I've still move forward. And I feel like now with things with like pollinate back on track.
Lauren Kelly: It just gives me like even more just drive like that just fire under my ass like I just want to go even faster, you know, like I'm not like I want to like speed through things, but I just want to
Lauren Kelly: I want to accomplish so much and I just, I honestly like didn't care before about those fantasies.
Lauren Kelly: I care so much more about just being the best version of myself in anything I do
Lauren Kelly: To do that, you know, like at the end of every one of our calls. I always ask you, like, what more can I be doing what more can I be doing. It's like
Lauren Kelly: There's nothing I if you said, I think you should get this look. I think you need to go. There's, like, I'll do it. You know, like there's nothing. I'm not willing to do to strengthen my recovery to
Lauren Kelly: Make sure I'm successful with it to just move forward in every way and
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm just like surrendering into it like I need this, you know, I need this program I need this help. I can't do it on my own. I need group I need therapy. I need all these things and like
Lauren Kelly: I think it was Kara. She had asked. I think it was a couple weeks ago about how she she said she wanted to maybe do group.
Lauren Kelly: Like every other week or once a month or something. And Dr. Announcer said something that I had never thought I'd been he said one of the reasons why the Suboxone treatment is so I'm
Lauren Kelly: So successful is because of the accountability factor, you know, if we just gave you your Suboxone for a month and said okay, we'll check in with you in a month.
Lauren Kelly: It wouldn't be a successful, but it's because you know you have group every week that you need to check into it's because you have these drug test me
Lauren Kelly: Because you have therapy that keeps you on track and I realized, he's totally right. Like if I had the option to do therapy, a little bit less or group little less, I would say, No, I'm not ready for that, like, I need this you know and and and again
Lauren Kelly: When I first came in. I'm like, I don't know if I need meetings and I don't know if I need therapy and stuff like that. I'm like, Oh, no, no, no, I need the high you know and and I don't
Lauren Kelly: I wouldn't want to tone it down or stepping back at all like, I realize I think he's totally right. It's
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I'm checking in multiple times a week and I have this accountability. It's really helped me
Lauren Kelly: Stay, you know, on the right path. So I wouldn't want to come down like my treatment or take a step back in any way. You know, I know that I need this. Yeah, it just seems like I'm really
Lauren Kelly: Like humble and surrendering to, like, I need this. I'm willing to do whatever it takes. And I'm not going to do anything to divert
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you heard anything from your friend Nico.
Lauren Kelly: Yes. So we did have a conversation. Finally, about
Lauren Kelly: The whole him wanting to be my boyfriend and all this kind of stuff. So I'm
Lauren Kelly: Basically, so I had text him to tell him that I got my registration in my license back which were huge things that had been promised from me for years.
Lauren Kelly: Of, you know, I would get pulled over and stuff and and he knew all about this. So I thought, out of all people. He would be really happy like oh my gosh, that's great.
Lauren Kelly: So I so I texted me and said, Hey, how are you doing, just wanted to check it on UCL work was today or whatever, you know, just being a friend just let him.
Lauren Kelly: Know here, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And, um, and he said, Oh, I'm fine or something and
Lauren Kelly: And I said, again, I just want to let you know actually was at the DMV for several hours yesterday. I got my license and my registration bad titles and my name like I'm moving forward.
Lauren Kelly: And he literally said nothing to that. And then he he just wrote, you know, I've been thinking really deeply for the last like week and all I can think of is this one question what MIT.
Lauren Kelly: Which is the same question he asked me, you know, before and and I said well you know I already answered that. A couple weeks ago.
Lauren Kelly: Did you ask me that, because you wanted to answer to change or did you ask me that, because you don't remember the answer you know and and he didn't get back to me for a long time. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: This is why it's hard for me to have conversations with unico because the second I asked you a question. You just like disappear. You know, he wants to like have asked me the hard questions, but he can't deal with the dialogue, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: They said, you know, it'd be one thing if I just said, oh, you know, when he had asked me that question. The first time we got together.
Lauren Kelly: And when I admitted to him. You know what was going on.
Lauren Kelly: And if I just said, Oh, your friend to me, but I had, I think I gave him like a 1520 minute explanation of how you know most of the my old friends and everyone I wanted to leave in the past that he was someone I cared.
Lauren Kelly: About enough that I really wanted to make a living amends. When I wanted to bring into my clean future and to show to be that reliable dependable awesome friend that you can count on.
Lauren Kelly: That he had been to me that I had not been to him in the past and and i really explained that in that. So when he asked me again, you know, this is all even think about is, what am I to it's like
Lauren Kelly: You know answer that. But, um, you know, if you're thinking, if you keep asking the question you're going to get a different answer. That's
Lauren Kelly: Not what's going to happen here you know and and so it was weird. Again, like he kept focusing on when I was using. And he said,
Lauren Kelly: Well, who, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Used to like say I love you. When we get off the phone. And I'm like, I literally do that with every like I do that with my girlfriends like friends, people I care about before I get off the phone because
Lauren Kelly: I've lost a lot of friends and my car accidents and things that I just have that belief. You never know when someone's going to
Lauren Kelly: You know, to your last conversation. So, and I care about. So, and that's something I do and
Lauren Kelly: And I said, You know, I do that with girlfriends. I do that with family. I do that with a lot of people and you know it never was like I'm in love with us, like, Okay. Love You by, you know, kind of thing and
Lauren Kelly: And then he'd bring the pool. You know, there was times like, you know, I
Lauren Kelly: thought that there would be something you know like back in August of last year, I told you I wanted to be with you and you didn't really, um, you know, you said that you couldn't be with me, but you didn't say like
Lauren Kelly: Forever. And so I was led to believe that there was a chance. And I said, Nico. I was using very heavily in fact, then you know I you know I said, to be honest, like
Lauren Kelly: I was a manipulative person. So if in any way I made you feel
Lauren Kelly: Like there was a chance. I know I was always clear with you that there wasn't. But if you're saying an action or, you know, I know my words. I told you that wouldn't happen. But if you're saying
Lauren Kelly: There was maybe because I hung out with you or whatever it was that made you feel that way. And, you know, I'm sorry that you feel that way. But, you know, that was my drug out of your and and and i'm not saying let's forget about it. And let's not talk about it but you know I
Lauren Kelly: That's not who I was and that wasn't how I felt like I'm telling you right now. I'm being clear with you.
Lauren Kelly: There is no romantic component to our relationship and there will be, it's not just like oh I need more clean time under my belt and then we can date, like, No, no, it's, it's not happening, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And and he just kept going back to will will use it like when you were, you know, back in August or November, and I'm like, again, Nico. I was using that. And it got to the point in the conversation where I said,
Lauren Kelly: It seems to me that you like to be better when I was in needy drug addict like that. That's really the feeling I'm getting here because now that I'm strong. And I said, People, when's the last time I asked you for me $1
Lauren Kelly: Like anything. And he was like, seven, eight months ago, you know, and I'm like, isn't this better. You know that I'm not this meeting URL calling you asking you for money all the time and
Lauren Kelly: make any promises. I'm not fulfilling like isn't this better and and here I'm getting my license back and I'm
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I said, that's one thing that shows me you're not interested in being a friend of me because I told you I made this huge you know
Lauren Kelly: Great step in life and you didn't even have anything. It wasn't like, Oh, that's great. And then we move on. Next to you literally didn't even comment on it meant nothing to you and it's all just about you and what you want for me.
Lauren Kelly: And why you're not getting it. And, and all you can bring up as well. When you were a drug addict that you you made, and he kept saying, you made me fall in love with you, you made, I, I felt, and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry that you fill in those me but like I told you 100 times even when I was using like that. That was not what our relationship was. And that's not what it was ever going to be. I'm sorry that you decided
Lauren Kelly: That, oh, she's wrong should want to be with me one day, so it's safe for me to fall in love with it but like
Lauren Kelly: I was very clear with you and it's like he's mad at me for his own field.
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean. And like, I'm sorry. And, and it was upsetting to me because it's like it's again it's like he he is more comfortable when I need it.
Lauren Kelly: You know what I mean. And now that I'm in this position where you know I don't need money for drugs are like really the only money I need is for like say gas and food and like
Lauren Kelly: Because I'm not working right now Paul helps me with that. You know what I mean. So
Lauren Kelly: I don't have to revert back to, you know, doing drug dealers or like doing the things I used to do for money or having to, you know, hit up friends for money and make promises. Oh, I can pay you back from this day when I know I can't or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And I would think of friends is so much in my other friends who, you know, like the friend I'm seeing with now. I used to, you know, borrow money from him and stuff.
Lauren Kelly: And he's just super supportive of me being clean and sober. He loves this new Lauren because he just wants to be my friend. So there's no like weirdness there because the only one who's like, Well, what about back when you're using a book like it's like he wants me to be that girl again.
Lauren Kelly: Or not, that's weird to me. I'm like, if you cared about me as a person and as a friend at all. You would be so you know but instead it's like you want the needy Lauren back because I feel like he had more control of the girl who needed something, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And now that I don't need literally anything from him, and I've asked nothing. Nothing. All I've done is offered him film. I want to be a friend to I want to offer these I'm not even asking for his forgiveness. I'm just offering him.
Lauren Kelly: Explanations and truth and honesty and all the things that he like doesn't want it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: So the end of the conversation ended with him just being mad at me and and and the last thing I said was, I'm sorry I couldn't be your girlfriend, but I can be a really kick ass friend if you'll let you know and and he ended up writing me back.
Lauren Kelly: Like a couple hours later, and I was already asleep. By that time, and it said something like, I'm like, I can't be
Lauren Kelly: Your girlfriend or I or he said, even if you can't be my girlfriend.
Lauren Kelly: I want you to be. I HOPE YOU ARE YOU SAID, EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN'T. I CAN'T BE WITH YOU. You are like the one person I can confide in and talk to more than anyone. So I hope
Lauren Kelly: That like I can deal with separating those so that he said, I don't know if I'll ever not
Lauren Kelly: You know, be in love with her have those feelings towards you, but I hope I can separate them. And that's kind of how it ended.
Lauren Kelly: And so that was like maybe Thursday or something that last week and I was a little irritated by like by the end of that conversation where I'm just being honest and truthful for like the fourth conversation with him and he's a agree with me for being honest and truthful and
Lauren Kelly: Like basically can't celebrate any of my successes in my recovery or in my life only wants to know why I can't give him what he wants, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Even though I've explained it into multiple times.
Lauren Kelly: I was a little irritated. So I when I saw those Texas. I was kind of happy in the morning when I saw them that, like, okay, maybe he he's kind of coming around. But I so I didn't check back for a few days.
Lauren Kelly: Because I was still kind of just irritated at how that conversation went yesterday, I was like, you know what I mean to text Eco, you know, and I wrote him and said, hey,
Lauren Kelly: Just wanted to check in with you. I know our last conversation was really heavy. But, you know, if you are willing to move forward with our friendship. I would love to do that. And, you know, just one. See if you want to hang out anytime soon.
Lauren Kelly: And he texted me back with it depends on what you had in mind.
Lauren Kelly: And like, pull it out, we're together when this happened and Paul's like that's a weird answer like anything friends do. Let's get coffee. Let's get lunch. Like, what do you mean it depends on what I have in mind like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. And I didn't even know how to answer that. So I actually hadn't even text back yet, but I was gonna say something like, you know, nothing specific but just thought we could catch up and grab a cup of coffee or something you know I
Lauren Kelly: Was I don't know. So again, it's like these email answers of like like super emotional answers from who's like, put the pedal was a good at, like,
Lauren Kelly: Again, that's not how my other friends talk to me. You know what I mean, it's just, it's just there's there's just always this
Lauren Kelly: Lingering tension in the air. Anytime I spend time with him of that he wants something for me that I'm not giving him, and it's really awkward and I don't like it, and
Lauren Kelly: I want that to be removed, you know, and it's like
Lauren Kelly: And I said that in depth. It was the first time if I was like, look, it's basically like I don't mean to sound mean but it's it's not going to happen. And it's not just not gonna happen today it's it's
Lauren Kelly: I do not feel that way towards you. It's not something that's on the horizon. You have to accept that like friendship is all that I have to offer you like I kept saying that that that's all that I have to offer you.
Lauren Kelly: And and so it's like it'll be interesting. I definitely think I'll need to hang out with them to see if he can be a full friend and hang out and talk like friends or if there's going to be just that.
Lauren Kelly: That tension there of like it's almost like a an awkward like sexual attention. We're like he just looks at me in this way of like I want something you're not giving me and that's uncomfortable as hell for me and like I guess when I was using
Lauren Kelly: Either didn't notice my discomfort or I didn't care as much because I needed money or I needed, whatever. So I'd hang out with them, even if it was a little
Lauren Kelly: Tense and awkward, but at least I got my couple hundred bucks typically use that day.
Lauren Kelly: Whenever I'm now. I don't want to be in those uncomfortable situations and I don't want friendships that are one sided where all you want. You just want what you want from me. And when I tell you something great. I did. You can't even acknowledge it. You know what I mean, because I'm not
Lauren Kelly: gonna lie, you know, and, and I've cut off, I had two girlfriends that I thought were really good friends that
Lauren Kelly: You know, we used to get your clothes and stuff together that I've ended up cutting both those friends up because I realized that now that I'm clean
Lauren Kelly: Those friendships are so one sided like those girls only want from me, you know, and I mean like they don't they have nothing to offer them.
Lauren Kelly: To try to be friends to them and they're always the victim and they are asking me for money and they want this. They want that. And I realized like, again, these are friendships. I don't need and I'm okay with having like one or two good friends.
Lauren Kelly: Instead of 10 shitty ones that are all using me for something so so like I'm willing to, like, drop the friendship and equal if I have to.
Lauren Kelly: But it'll be interesting. I feel like maybe in the next few days to a week I'm going to try hanging out with them again and see if he's capable of that but
Lauren Kelly: I mean I think within this month here like I'll know if they're either is a friendship with him that can work or not, but I'm no longer willing to have one if that freezes.
Lauren Kelly: romantic tension, whatever is still there. Like, I don't want to be
Lauren Kelly: Uncomfortable. I don't want someone to push their wants on me and and to basically want me to be in a needy position again and instead of celebrating
Lauren Kelly: Me not needing anything and become you, the person I was always supposed to be. And if you can't even see that. Are you happy for that. Then you aren't the right kind of person for my life, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So, um, so, I mean, it'll be interesting to see, I think, nothing's going to really tell me that other than hanging out with them, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But it'll be interesting to see where that goes. So, so, yeah, I was, I kind of thought we had before. But then that text yesterday was really depends on what you had in mind, or what I was like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know what you want me to say but it, you know, I don't know. So I don't know what what do you think about that, like how she is there anything I should do to handle that, or just try out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely try one time. But yeah, it sounds like that you may have to let that relationship. Go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll tell you why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are people out there that really pride themselves on vulnerable people and you know you cannot tell me that there's not a piece of him that knew that there was something that was going on.
Lauren Kelly: Oh, totally. Yeah, he admitted that to me later that like things didn't match up and you know he definitely had questions and stuff. And now, a lot of this is all coming together, you know. So, for sure. He definitely knew for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in that situation, it's almost a predatory ol thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, where, you know, maybe he doesn't feel confident enough in himself to be able to get a girlfriend and this is his way of helping somebody and expecting something in return.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when it doesn't get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, when he doesn't get what he wants, he can't understand why. So, you know, there's a piece of it that that really kind of brings that up for me that wonder if that's not what you know where this was, yeah. And he also reminds me of a school age. Boy, that won't take no for an answer.
Lauren Kelly: Totally
Lauren Kelly: He's like arguing with me. And I'm like, you don't argue someone into wanting to be with you, like, that's not how it works. It's a feeling based thing and if the feeling, isn't there. You're not gonna like with like your logic talked me into okay I
Lauren Kelly: Guess I'm
Lauren Kelly: Love with You. Now, like that's not and then on top of it, like he knows about Paul, he knows that I was like the love of my life so
Lauren Kelly: Even if like Finnegan even if Paul was in in the picture. I wouldn't want anything to do with Nico. But Paul is very much in the picture. So like, at least at the very least.
Lauren Kelly: Respect for my relationship and and the thing I've been working towards. And the thing that matters so much that he doesn't respect that, you know, I think, in his mind.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if he thinks he's done more from you than Paul or I owe him more than I. Oh, Paul, or what but
Lauren Kelly: In some way he thinks he's like the significant man in my life when I've done nothing to make him feel that way and and he feels like
Lauren Kelly: It, you know, like any other friend if it's like say you were saying, when you say, hey, I can't hang out today since something came up Nico's, the only one that's like well what came up. Tell me what in like he just thinks it's a man's level of like
Lauren Kelly: Accountability out of me that like not even Paul this. You know what I mean, like, it's almost like a fatherly or a boyfriend like
Lauren Kelly: Like submit and it's uncomfortable and weird to me and it's like why why can't you just treat me like a normal friend I have other guy friends and they don't treat me this way, you know, and it's just I i'm not
Lauren Kelly: dumb enough to think this is a normal friendship. There's, there's something weird there. And it's that you want more than I'm willing to give you. And I don't know if you can like let go of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you'll know you'll figure it out. Within the next time you hang out with them. But if if that tension still there and it's not easy and he's not coming around. Then I would distance myself from him because he's unhealthy.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'd rather have one or two good people in my life than like these unhealthy relationships that are making me feel bad for being clean and for accomplishing things, you know, you can't be supportive of that, then I don't have the room for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like an hour. It's like a power and control thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he, he needs you to need him.
Lauren Kelly: Yes, yes, that is 100% what I'm getting out. But then I feel a little guilty because I think, you know, Nico did do a lot for me. There's times like
Lauren Kelly: You know, say my car broke down that he would help you know drive or like there's, you know, times I actually didn't need groceries. He helped me get food, you know, help me buy dog food. There's
Lauren Kelly: There were times that like I needed a friend and he was there for me so I feel kind of bad, like, okay, now that you're not being exactly what I want. I'm willing to drop you. But
Lauren Kelly: At the same time, again, recovery has to be the most important thing to me. And if you have the mindset that you want me unwell and needy, I cannot have you be a part of my
Lauren Kelly: Life, you know, and so I I do feel like I owe him friendship and and that, but I don't feel like it. I have to do it on his terms which is there's always going to be a romantic
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't know him anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: owe him anything
Lauren Kelly: That he was such a good friend of me for so long. When I was a shitty person like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're giving him every opportunity to step up to the plate and be a friend with boundaries and he at this point hasn't been willing to accept that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, right, which is totally unhealthy, which is a predator.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Predator that preys on vulnerable people praise on vulnerable women he needs people to need him.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that actually makes a lot of sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's that's so
Lauren Kelly: The way the conversation. That's the vibe I get and and again this is now like our fourth or fifth conversation. This isn't the person were at that may be useless or soft by the information he didn't know how to process it.
Lauren Kelly: Were like a month into this now, and every conversation. Again, the more honest and open. I am within the angry or he gets instead of like
Lauren Kelly: Understand, that's not I've had these conversations with several friends and that's not the way any of them have gone. They've everybody else has been happy I'm being honest with them says, Oh, wow. Now, a lot make sense.
Lauren Kelly: Well, I'm really proud and now they'll tell me all the great things they see me that are so different.
Lauren Kelly: He hasn't highlighted anything different, you know, even though I've way more so on. So with them and doing all like things to show him. I'm a better friend he he's never once said, Why aren't I really noticed you know you getting back to me, or I've noticed you
Lauren Kelly: Reaching out to me to hang on, sort of, it always being on my end or would like
Lauren Kelly: Nothing that I've done, he has. He said, Wow, that's great. Lauren, it's all been. Why isn't it like this, the way it was before. I'm like, because I was looking drug addict before, and I'm not anymore. This is
Lauren Kelly: This is a way better, more and, like, how do you not see that I haven't asked you for anything and eight months. How is that not a better person to be in your life and the one who needed something every day, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz he's a little sick to
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you gotta you know remember and hang out with a one time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see, but I have a feeling that you're going to have to distance yourself and focused on the positive in your life. And eventually, he'll either come around, or you won't he'll find somebody else that it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will need him. Yeah, but there are with them. Yeah. And that's exactly it. So what are you going to work on this week.
Lauren Kelly: Do the I'm really excited about the smart recovery, meaning I want to do the women's meeting to try to connect with more women, you know, just see even have people to just type some testing with, you know, just more to create a better
Lauren Kelly: Community of recovery and I'm way more comfortable doing that with women I've just found that I just did. I just, you know, again, you said it earlier recovery such like a vulnerable place to be, that
Lauren Kelly: If I just don't want to be like vulnerable like that with other guys. You know what I mean like I just feel way more comfortable doing that with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, going on with them. Anyways, yeah. So my focus is definitely on the women's meetings.
And
Lauren Kelly: Yet just and then the workbook. That's the other thing that's just, I've been working in every day and I'm just loving it just going through like each question and just
Lauren Kelly: I mean sometimes one question I can work on for like an hour, you know, and some of them you can answer pretty quickly, but others like one question was, like, how have you heard people in your addiction and I'm like, How much time do you have, I can write a novel here, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So it's, it's just I since I've been recovering. I haven't found anything more thought provoking or anything that gets more to like the core issues than that so
Lauren Kelly: I'm just really getting in depth in that and the women's means, I think, are my two main things like personally like in my personal life outside of recovery. I want to
Lauren Kelly: I want to work more I've been exercising a lot like every day and and making it more and more intense every day and it's been really like working for me. It makes me
Lauren Kelly: More tired at the end of the day, I feel better about myself. Its natural dopa me and you know what I mean. So
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that's, yeah, I would do. And then also you know now that I'm thinking of moving back with Paul and I have, I think I told you I finally paid off my storage that I hadn't really
Lauren Kelly: So I it's, it's just, you know, a mess of stuff. So I needed to start going through things and like organizing stuff and bringing it falls and all that so
Lauren Kelly: In my personal life exercising and getting organized but in my recovery like getting a bigger community of women and checking out that smart recovery and really diving into that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, good. Those are good. Definitely good things active steps to take. So
Lauren Kelly: Is there anything that you that you can think of that I'm not doing or that I do Julian or that you're like hey, it'd be great if you did this story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find a sponsor to help you go through that work. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, okay.
Lauren Kelly: Female I will come out.
Lauren Kelly: Hopefully these women meetings to kind of
Lauren Kelly: move that forward that should bigger pool of women than it is when I was only going to meetings, there's like three women and 15
Lauren Kelly: You know so and then two of the three women are like, you know, mathematics that are still using and like one
Lauren Kelly: Is I you know I might kind of relate to her. So, you know, so it's I haven't really found that person. I totally related to, but the pickings are slim at regular meetings, I think.
Lauren Kelly: Diving into these women meetings will give me they'll pull it into Dropbox to find somebody I connect with and contrast
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and it will you probably won't find that you know this person one time or two times, but just keep going back, go to different meetings. Definitely and keep your eyes and ears open
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely. OK.
Lauren Kelly: I will do that.
Lauren Kelly: Anything I
Lauren Kelly: Do because I wanted to anything I can do so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you're doing it, you're doing everything that you should be doing. So just keep on the same path, keep doing what you're doing. I mean, you're doing so many in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So many different so much work in so many different areas right now that you just kind of want to hone in where you're at. Yeah but stepping outside your box start evaluating about finding a sponsor.
Lauren Kelly: But outside of that you think I'm doing. You think I'm doing okay and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exceptionally. What do you mean, I think you're doing awesome. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: I just want to make sure that you know I value your opinion, a lot so means a lot. You know, it was hearing that from you means a lot that I like that. I mean, I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Above and beyond. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: you've grabbed a hold of this and and have just been running with it. You know what I mean. And you're doing such a great job. Don't stop doing what you're doing, you know, don't. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you. I really appreciate you taking the time today and everything. I appreciate everything you do, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I appreciate you. You're, you are what makes it worth it.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So keep doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
Lauren Kelly: I will, and I'll see you next Monday. Yes.
Lauren Kelly: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be there. Monday.
Lauren Kelly: Definitely
Lauren Kelly: Have a great week, and a great weekend and I
Lauren Kelly: appreciate everything. Thank you, Rebecca. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My next person is already in the room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Good. How you doing, Becca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been going on this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: Not a whole lot. Just I'm just chillin just
Quentono W.E. Neal: Do Mardi Gras.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you been doing
Quentono W.E. Neal: Doing good. I'm my artwork.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's gonna cost you stop for free.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. Those are cool.
Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I need to take you
Quentono W.E. Neal: So far, is kind of take me a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like how long
Quentono W.E. Neal: About a month now it's gonna burn up a whole month now.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That and that's
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's, that's what I'm not constant on it, though, is not when I'm not persistent on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you're persistent on it. How long does it take you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Away from persistent on it should only take me like three or four days.
To do that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, but when I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: When I'm not really like in the mood and kind of feeling like like slow or like sludgy you know I
Quentono W.E. Neal: I kind of just like. Give it a break.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Plus my my hands tues my hand, my hand.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know what I have yet. And then I don't know what I've been diagnosed it
Quentono W.E. Neal: But I got a
Quentono W.E. Neal: tingling feeling not feeling it. And it's like painful in the morning times
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I probably got to go get it checked out.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was I was trying to
Quentono W.E. Neal: See if they can give me something for it, or at least helped me with, you know, and they're just
Quentono W.E. Neal: It just said put ice on it and make sure it's elevated and they couldn't give you no more help on
Quentono W.E. Neal: What can I do to
Quentono W.E. Neal: get it fixed. So I'm just, you know, I'm just, I got this. This little squishy toy or whatever that kind of like strengthen it and stuff. And it's mainly in my hands and
Quentono W.E. Neal: It used to get like that back in the day when I used to draw up and not use it a lot. So that's the, that's how scary now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like writers cramp or something.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, kind of, kind of like that. But I think more I'm kind of leaning a little bit more towards
Quentono W.E. Neal: The riotous or like carpal tunnel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Possibility, anything like that as possible, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um. How have things been going for your recovery this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's been going good. It's actually going good still clean still doing good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Actually you know what they're gonna they're not going to have it. They didn't have it this week they had it. Like I said there and have it next week, uh, but
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'll tell you one thing. I went down to, though.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I went down there to the thing
Quentono W.E. Neal: To the
Quentono W.E. Neal: To
Quentono W.E. Neal: The main building or whatever the main corporation or whatever.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. And I talked to
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, first I went down there.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I talked to somebody and they said they appointed me somewhere else where they can help me. And so I went back there.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they told me that the person that was was was going to help me. Yes, he's not going to be back for two weeks because I guess he goes to A. He's like a medicine man. I guess he goes out of town to come to different states and he
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, does the religious ceremonies in one Alex where and all that stuff like sweat lodge and shit like that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So that's what he was doing.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, I was trying to see if I get a medicine bag and they said that she's oh I got off the phone with him.
Quentono W.E. Neal: He'll give you the better Superbad what you're gonna have to cope
Quentono W.E. Neal: Co curricular LATER. LATER ON THE DAY IS ALL RIGHT, BUT I HAVEN'T went down there ever since tensile. They said they're going to have sweat next week, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. So you're planning on going for sure.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yes. Maybe. Probably. Probably not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm, um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm just thinking about not going to sweat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Quentono W.E. Neal: Don't know it's because I don't want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Quentono W.E. Neal: Want to
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know, I just, I just don't feel like it like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I was I was all I was all into it and stuff like that. And until I went down and kind of sculpt everything out.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I just don't think that it would be the right, the right place for me at the right time right now you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What makes you come to that conclusion.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know. Just, just having a feeling that I don't want to hang it. I don't want to go down here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what alternatives. Do you have
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, alternative
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't want to turn I went chairs. Two weeks ago, I was supposed to go this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Church this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I've been
Quentono W.E. Neal: Busy i've been i've actually busy helping out a friend to them happen on my lady.
Quentono W.E. Neal: She's going through like Sundance to any bands and stuff like that. So I'm really kind of like helping her like get stuff together and whatnot. So I can't be going down to the down there and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, big time for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you can make time for
Quentono W.E. Neal: Dude, the thing that I can make time for is
Quentono W.E. Neal: Me helping out my girl like
And
Quentono W.E. Neal: My sobriety.
Quentono W.E. Neal: This is basically the meeting a focus on
Quentono W.E. Neal: Just it just, I don't, I don't want to relapse us it and then I know I'm not going to relapse. But there's, there comes a time where you never know, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I already know. Like, like I'm relying on my past instincts like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like oh yeah i know i know i'm not gonna relax because I'm clean you know I may say that now, but
Quentono W.E. Neal: Now, what if what if someone just says, Hey, what's up, what's up gene is my home use Mahoney, and I knew him and the pink or whatever. And I knew I
Quentono W.E. Neal: Was able to up man. How you doing, oh shit no time no see. And all of a sudden, you know, boom. You know, so that's kind of why
Quentono W.E. Neal: You say what you have time for.
Quentono W.E. Neal: My sobriety. I, oh, oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what we're
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, well, in what way like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Sober way doing the right way. You know, like, like for me.
Like
Quentono W.E. Neal: It'd be nice to get involved into something, but that's not something that I want to get involved in right now. I don't want to get involved into going to sweat lodge right now because that's not what I want to focus on right now, you know. And the reason why that is.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is because I can only focus on one thing. I already tried it before I already tried to be multitask double and all that and
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know, it's only good for a certain amount of time. And after a while, it just ends up, you know, you end up getting mixed up and down multitasking. So it's not good to be focused on that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like my, my main thing is like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is a just being sober right now and helping my spouse out and everything.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And
Quentono W.E. Neal: renaming my family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing what
Quentono W.E. Neal: reunite with my family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Real quick.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Let me ask you a question like, like why why do you like is it like
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's just your job and you get paid.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So we can see here
Quentono W.E. Neal: In this thing called individual therapy.
Quentono W.E. Neal: About Nothing. You know, like, like, like for example, like what I see from us, like I really don't see like, I see that you kind of help me out. But it's just it just seems like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like you're gonna like you want me to go
Quentono W.E. Neal: Go on these these
Quentono W.E. Neal: These missions to see if see if, like, you know, are these expert explorer things and like
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's not what I want to do, though, like what I what I'm doing right now.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I'm comfortable with it. Right now I'm comfortable where I'm at.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Because my eyes are open now that I'm sober.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like my eyes are open to like
Quentono W.E. Neal: This is not like go go run out and go get involved into things like my my my my my kind of thinking is like, okay, now you're sober just just slowly progress and slowly work back up. Don't just jump into things and everything, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I've been. I've been working out. I haven't working out. I pay that much. I'm exercising.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And it's been about two weeks to have an issue says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And why did you stop that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: Because
Quentono W.E. Neal: I just
Quentono W.E. Neal: stopped it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: started, I started drawing
Quentono W.E. Neal: So I stopped exercising.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: started drawing stopped exercising.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, no, no, I'm drawing, like, I don't know, like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Now I'm drawing and now I'm into this like drawing more now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there's nothing wrong with that because
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's good here.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Two years ago, two years ago. That's how to use it. That's how exactly how was to
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like like
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's crazy. Like, even with even with holding holding the job. I would only hold hold the job for like for summer season or for like eight or nine months and then I would quit and get a different job.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Because I already knew that job. So I figure I wanted to do something now. And then I go to a different tub and I figured like when I started knowing
Quentono W.E. Neal: That I start to know that that's not even right that's not even asked you to do know me.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's about finding what makes you happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, whatever that looks like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And certainly people bounce around from job to job when they can't find one that they're happy content.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's a piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you already
Quentono W.E. Neal: Said that you wanted to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be an artist. Right. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, like I know like like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, like, watch.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like for example, like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like this, why stop there society.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then a great you know like I just made a beating them.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Where you can
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like beat stuff on it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Work on your shoes. And then I started sewing.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So you're a little
Quentono W.E. Neal: A little workshop, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know what what you guys call that in your life in your world. Like what you learn from a book or whatever on that calm.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like addictive behaviors or whatever, what it's called but or what would you, what would you label me in in one of the profiles listed in the book that you studied for what class that you took on the job that you're holding. Now, you know, um, it would mean you'd be me like
Quentono W.E. Neal: We do doing
Quentono W.E. Neal: My, my work, you know that the talent that that that God gave me on drawing and start tattooing whatever whatnot.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And instead of doing drugs do that instead of the drugs, but at the same time there's still there's still thought in my mind every day.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I think I can hire or if I watch a commercial on the TV. I go, somebody drinking or or for wash to
Quentono W.E. Neal: The National Geographic and the shooting. And I'll leave, I'll leave it on to that station all day and I'll just, I'll be uplifted by by the use of drugs by the by the drug use, that's being shown on the TV, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, it'll actually it'll actually trigger and it'll actually like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like fulfill those electric electrons or whatever those things that are in your head, you know that shock or whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me like like
Quentono W.E. Neal: It'll feed. It'll feed. It'll feed it, and it's it's just shipped out like how that does that, you know, so I kind of, I kind of got interested, I kind of wanted to kind of know about that. So I
Quentono W.E. Neal: I went to this this website. I don't remember what the websites called but I started learning about the brain and how like
Quentono W.E. Neal: There's this front frontal lobe. There's different parts of your brain and in the front brain is called the the Neil our neocortex.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And for example, like I start to know about my drinking now I was. Oh, OK. OK. That's why when I drink so much and I blinked out. And then I woke up and you know
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I was in jail because me and my brother got into a fight you know shit like that you know your your front or neocortex gives out when you have intake you volume high volumes of alcohol and
Quentono W.E. Neal: When it when it starts to fade out, it starts to give out so like basically like
Quentono W.E. Neal: You can't really you can't really be imperative thinking you know what I mean like you can't really rely, it gets really hard to make out. You know what I mean. So
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's like a trip a trip out or like, though, though, like the reptilian gland that that little Glenn and the bat, and that's like that's like say for example, like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like if someone gets hit right here right away. Their, their brain goes down to this area, unless they all share. I bought a fight back, or I'm gonna die are like, Oh, shit. I better. I better get it to survival more and I've heard her start running. Are you know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and they call that the Chilean grand is kind of like the you know how like reptiles like like even the little ones like how are you ready contender, like, you know what I mean, that's kind of why they call it the reptilian Glenn like the size of the reptilian brain but
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, just just just chips out how that how that kind of like how they have different, like, you know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, like different things. I call a drug shut down, different, different parts of the brain and like different things, you know, that's kind of that's kind of interest to me though.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, no question on that on the internet. You're trying to learn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's cool, that's cool that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to learn all you can about the way your brain works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's important that you know those that you have that information. And I want to kind of back up a little bit and just kind of explain to you. First off, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My background is more than just out of a book that I have my own story to tell and based off of my experience and other people that I have watched and there are certain things that we need to do to maintain recovery and it's get involved and get engaged in things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are outside ourselves to be able to stay connected within a community of other people that are staying sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why I keep you and I keep having the conversation about the sweat lodge. It's not so much that spiritual aspect of things, but the connectivity of other people that are trying to stay sober as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that. And, and I believe that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Art in its purest form is one of the best therapeutic things that you could possibly do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I also know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Physical exercise helps with domains and really does the heart pump in and gets the mind alerts and so there's that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being in recovery really is about finding balance within all things in your life right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not just about one thing or another and putting all your eggs in one basket. But it's really about finding a balance with between work between recovery between family, you know, between dealing with the issues that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Took you into using and kept you into using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's it's healing from all of that stuff and based off of my experience before I ever opened a book to learn about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About this profession and you have to have a passion for this profession because I can tell you that the pay for this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Profession is minimal versus the mental and emotional
Quentono W.E. Neal: Message already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Because I was looking on, I was looking at on
Quentono W.E. Neal: People that do like
Quentono W.E. Neal: For example,
Quentono W.E. Neal: They fix on those air conditioners on top of the building or whatever the electrical thing and they do like water heaters boilers that whatnot, with the metric whatever air conditioning and whatnot. Well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was looking at that last night and there there's
Quentono W.E. Neal: A 4042 42 but it is something something something
Quentono W.E. Neal: Was the outside down
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I was as a damn and then
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then I was kind of thinking like
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they are
Quentono W.E. Neal: They are
Quentono W.E. Neal: What they do you go you to what you do their classes you their classes you sign up. You do you do their classes and they'll pay you for them.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they'll pay you to start, start working and stuff. And they'll help you get a job one. I like that. So it's just a little like they had all kinds of all kinds of stuff like I did like they were like for LABORERS FOR
Quentono W.E. Neal: Women and you know desk work all that would not, you know, computer graphics will not so that I thought that was
Quentono W.E. Neal: SOMETHING PRETTY INTERESTING TO GET INTO
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Computer Graphics really can help with your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your artwork, because computer graphics is our art in the computer world.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did I answer your questions a little bit
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want you to think for one second that my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My perception or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My knowledge it strictly comes out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So knowing that peace knowing that I'm, you know, I had to walk the walk, I continue to walk the walk.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is what makes it all.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Let me, let me. Can I hear your testimony. Let me hear your testimony this it seems like it seems like, I don't have a level a level of acceptance, because I never heard your side yet so I'm kind of just assuming that
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know what I mean that you never just had a passion for it that you just kind of, oh, well, we'll just we'll just get it because it's a job, you know,
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't want to hear your, your, your side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'll give it to you in a general way I don't share my story outside of my support system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I come from addiction, my family, you know, addicted addiction. My parents addiction myself, you know, long line since I was a kid, you know, that's what my life consisted of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have lost
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People very close to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In tragic ways I've walked through some pretty horrific trauma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And drugs and alcohol were always my best friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until they weren't anymore until they quit working until I was waking up in places that were unsafe for a young girl to wake up into until I found myself in vulnerable positions and at risk for losing my freedom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I made a choice. And I started going to meetings I grabbed ahold of somebody in a meeting and held on to her for my whole life. And she walked me through. And that is how come and why I'm able to sit here with you today. If it wasn't for that I'd probably be dead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know my life was wild. And it was crazy. And it was about fulfilling things within myself that I didn't get as a child, or as a teenager.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I didn't begin my venture into this field until I was in my 40s 30s.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: MID 30s.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I've been on this path, ever since.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That sounds about right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I got here by being sober by being willing to do the work being willing to step outside my comfort zone. Do the things that were suggested that I do that I didn't want to do because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know what I mean, yeah, okay, well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I found one support group. I found one support group that that I'm willing to work with. And, um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's a place where they do art to and everybody else goes goes there and they come down, down to do art and it's open. It's like a community thing.
And
Quentono W.E. Neal: I went in there and talk to some people got a tour around the place. And a lot of actually a lot of people that have just two different tests are with like like one will do silversmith not just different types
Quentono W.E. Neal: Anyway mean painting, you know, even like lessons and stuff like that for music and whatnot. Um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I think that's pretty good. And then I think that's pretty good pace. Right. I think I'd be more comfortable enough, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because this is about your recovery. This isn't about mine. This is about what's going to work for you, what's going to help you and support you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to build a solid foundation for your recovery. Right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A na doesn't fit everybody you know what I mean, it's about what is going to work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if this is the avenue that you think is going to work best for you. Then I say, you go for it and you engage and you build a server support system around art around some of them something that you're passionate about that gives you joy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know at this stage in my life is that life is too short. And before we know it. We have lived, you know, most of our life and we have less time on this earth. And we've already been on this earth. And if we don't get to a point where we learn how to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be happy without adding substances in our body, we never get to experience the true meaning of what happiness really is what it means to be free of those monkeys on our box.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, doing things experiencing things. You know what I mean, building a life in recovery means you find what makes you happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, actually I do.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like
Quentono W.E. Neal: where we're at. We're at the moment when the new again out of your diction, like, oh, this is how this. How about and
Like
Quentono W.E. Neal: I almost every emotion that was
Quentono W.E. Neal: That was like on Happy, happy emotion or love or joy or even like like like
Quentono W.E. Neal: A brother, sister, our boyfriend, girlfriend, you know, the all those types of emotions that you know you know around with people and stuff.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You just like it's
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like for me, when I started being sober. My feeling my emotion channel system.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It still kind of numbed so like to being to start having someone show you to having someone, show me that they love me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like my flesh and I my mind my body. Tell me just laughing that you don't love me. What the fuck oh fuck are you, you know, like it's just laughing inside me. And, but, on the other, sober side, it's like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh man, this is this is this is the religion. This is a real deal right here. This is the real deal like like it's hard for you to recognize, but it's actually the real deal.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like you know I even had a copy of the time you've heard a Stat Man, you got a good thing. He got a good thing in your life, man.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And
Quentono W.E. Neal: But it's not. I mean, it is my fault, it's not their fault. It's my fault because you know
Quentono W.E. Neal: I got fucked up on drugs, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was like, you know, so I
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's hard for me to get back in because like
Quentono W.E. Neal: When I was when I was young when I was 16 when I was at
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like
Quentono W.E. Neal: I used to have all the emotions as to have a used to be fine. I used to be energetic. I used to be outgoing easy going with people I was always social
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was always not in the mix. But I was, you know what I mean. Yeah. And it was it was more it seemed like it was more easier for me back in the day.
Quentono W.E. Neal: To to just, you know what I mean to the. Hey, what's up man. How's it going, cool. All right. That's what's up. Haha, you know, and actually really mean it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: XD
Quentono W.E. Neal: really mean it when it's coming out of you and you know actually used to really feel it. Come, you know what it means.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: To hear it coming out of someone to actually feel it coming out of them, you know, hearing it from them.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right now I feel that, like, I don't have that you know that now that I'm walking back from my sobriety that it's barely it's barely my lights barely book coming back.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Takes time how much
Time.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long
Quentono W.E. Neal: Have you been sober.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For bottom
Quentono W.E. Neal: Lot of month and a half.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: As well. When I first started this program. It was a month and a half.
So,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm
To change.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Three months. Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yep, three months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna have to give your mind, in your body time. It takes can take up to a year before we are completely healed from the destruction that drugs and alcohol dude Are our mind in our body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Takes
Quentono W.E. Neal: Place up so it takes it to a year. Yeah, for it to automatically
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your body's regenerating and healing itself right now, but it takes time for that to happen.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, so, so when they say when they say that it takes only three days for method commodity system, it is actually taking the year for your mind to actually fully develop and give back to its normal self. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to recover.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the damage that that that that drug does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yes. It takes time. It's like alcohol and your liver. You know when you are a an alcoholic a chronic alcoholic and you quit drinking and you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your at that point where you're almost you're your livers almost going into services at that point. It's like, it still has a chance to heal itself, but the minute that the damage is done. The damage is done.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, what about
Quentono W.E. Neal: What about if there's just a little like a little bit of scarring on the liver and it's not cirrhosis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it has an opportunity to heal.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For
All right, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, cuz
Quentono W.E. Neal: Cuz i don't know if i told you but
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's, that's how my liver is drinking right now that's like
Quentono W.E. Neal: This that's from that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has an opportunity to repair itself. But when the damage getting getting too expensive. It can't even repair itself. There's this thing called to have ever heard of wet.
Quentono W.E. Neal: wet, wet brain.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So as late stay late stage, alcoholism, somebody that drinks from morning till night they cannot live without alcohol. Their, their stomach is swollen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're losing their memory and and they just won't quit drinking and there's this thing called Warnecke in Corsica off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's like it's two things. So they start they're diagnosed with what with dementia. The beginning phases of dementia, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The longer than they keep drinking, the more they keep drinking it goes straight into correspond, which means
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There they all simers it means they can't repair itself. It's done. The damage is permanent. But if they would have stopped drinking when they first started losing their memory and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the doctor said, now's the time to stop because you know you're you're heading into dementia. We're not warming course golf is dementia and Alzheimer's. Okay, so they're just in the beginning phases of getting dementia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They if they stopped drinking their brain could heal itself, but the minute that the damage. You know, it goes so extensive that they get all timers. There's no repairing it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the damage is permanent. It's like that the same scenario with your liver. It's like right now there's a little scar on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's called a war room a war wound. Right. The body can heal itself. But if you were continually if you were to continually drink the damage will become era.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Era repairable, you know, eventually, you would have to have a new liver and when that happens, you know, if you're an alcoholic. It's hard to get a liver, you know, it'll kill you. So you, the more that you do, the more expensive. The damage becomes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So stopping and giving, giving your body a year, giving your body, you know, and mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A year to completely heal itself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Quentono W.E. Neal: So you want me
Quentono W.E. Neal: So what needs to happen is I need to give my body, a whole year.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Not drink any alcohol. Yeah, in order for it to heal for how long. Don't like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like a duration of like how long like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you kind of
Quentono W.E. Neal: So, so, like, okay, so if I give it a year for repair costs a percentage like that that
Quentono W.E. Neal: That is has a healing effect for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will have a healing effect, but I can tell you that if you after a year. If you start drinking again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your, your liver your liver.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is go back down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, yeah, totally. It totally you've got
Quentono W.E. Neal: This crazy
Quentono W.E. Neal: So it's basically just
Quentono W.E. Neal: Don't drink at all. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, so. Okay, what about if you drink, say, see if I drink, okay. I'VE BEEN SOBER say I've been. I've been. So I relax. I'm up as I've been
Quentono W.E. Neal: I really am like two weeks, but that was just a little shot and little beer. But still, you know, so that, so since I realized that that does that still mean that just like you have to start all over again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It depends on you. It depends on your program who you're working with, that's up to you. You get to own your sobriety however way you believe it should be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm definitely not wanting to tell you what's right and what's wrong. And what's the appropriate. There's no rules. That's the great part about it. There's no set rules. There are suggestions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. But there's no set rules. You get to find your bottom base, you get to find your base of honesty it within yourself and truthfulness within yourself. You get to walk your path and figure out what best suits your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the great part about recovery is there's no right or wrong way to do it other than not drinking and put or using putting mind altering substances in your body, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The only thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The rest is up to you to create however way works for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Makes perfect sense. Perfect sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what recovery means and the things that it gives you know not using drugs and alcohol. The things that it gives you emotionally eventually your emotions you start being able to feel them a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They'll start coming back. You'll keep getting more and more mental clarity and you'll start wanting and have the desire to be the best person that you can be. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll let go of the guilt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the past or the belief that you're not good enough. And how could anybody. Love you, that that direct statement inside your head count is a direct result from something you experienced in your past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That told you, you weren't good enough. Yeah. And the crazy part about this, about addiction is that this is the way that I view it. Okay, my understanding of it is that you know how we have voices inside our head that talk to us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you get into arguments with yourself. Sometimes I know I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so our addiction is one of those voices inside your head and every suggestion that it has the energy back to using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every suggestion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because there's no bet there's no good suggestion from your addiction. Right. It's about
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know where it always starts at and without I know him. I know it starts at
Quentono W.E. Neal: Were on
Quentono W.E. Neal: Come on, we can we can hustle, man. You can make one badass our words go out there and sell it for like 5060 bucks for that. I know you hustle it like that because you got to like that and go buy a ball right now for come up real quick. It's like
Quentono W.E. Neal: And
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's crazy, because I know within myself that that can never happen. Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is that is your addiction talking to you right there. Yeah, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: It may, it may go
Quentono W.E. Neal: Away, it may go a little bit like amazing. Yeah, I'll make a couple hundred dollars and reopen have my Motel six or whatever for a good week or two and then after that match.
And
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know. Probably back in jail. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing about it. One thing about it is that it's a falsity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a false. Yes, it's a false it what it tells you is false. It has one job and that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To take you out.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Period and what a better way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a better way. And that's reality of it addiction, has one job, and that is to keep you in that life and to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's what it wants. There's nothing else at once because that's the end result. Right. The end result is you know either Odeon or going back to prison or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, dying of cirrhosis of the liver. If you're drinking or dying of Alzheimer's or, you know, dementia, if you think about the outcome when you play the tape forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's at the end of the road, not being happy not not selling your artwork and bettering yourself but it's to keep you in the depths of hell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what this diseases. It is period.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might be good for the first little bit, but eventually you go right back into that whole spiraling effect that whole piece where it's hell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you think about it, that voice. It has one job is cutting it's baffling it will lie to you it will do anything. It can take to drag you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your mind. And the minute that you that you entertain the thoughts that it's putting in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The stronger those thoughts get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The easier it is for her to hook you and say, one time won't hurt. I could drink one beer. It's okay, I can you know I can use for one day. That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are all lies. Those are lies there lies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you really break it down and you take your addiction and you look at it like it is this voice inside your head that has one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great part about it is that the other part of you. The loving the carrying the happy. The, the, the strong willed person your spiritual, mental and emotional well being. Physical is a lot stronger than that one voice, if you feed that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you're feeding your addiction and you're you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dancing around the idea that impossibly might be right. It's winning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It gets stronger those thoughts get stronger your cravings get get stronger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's whatever you feed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now I can tell you that you always have those thoughts will come. The longer you're in sobriety those thoughts will come, but they'll come less frequent and you'll be able to identify them and just kind of blow, blow it out of your mind. I, I say foul words to mind when it happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like get out of here, you know, get the F out of here. Where do you think you're doing I'm in a good place in my life I have this going on this going on this going on this going on. I don't ever want to go back and feel the way I felt when I was using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the combative part of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to combat those thoughts in your head that tells you it's a good idea that tells you one says one time is okay. You know what I mean, you've got to combat it and know when when your addiction is talking to you and you know it because you just identified
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know how it talks to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's how we change it and how we fight it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again we build a sober support system we we really hone in on other people that are trying to do exactly what we're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's where we stay in the middle of it. We don't keep secrets. When we have those thoughts. We talked about it with our sober people because that takes the power out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your addiction wants you to keep secrets because secrets. Keep you sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The longer you're keeping secrets, the more you're keeping secrets, the more you're not telling your silver people that you're having those thoughts. The bigger they become
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That make sense.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get to design and create your sobriety for, however, will work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where I want what I would like to see you do is just do do some of it do something step outside your comfort zone and figure out what direction you want to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And start walking in that direction. If it's to engage in this in this community art program do it. I say go do it build up on what you have, you have this this awesome gift.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Build up on it. You know what I mean. Put your energy in there, take the power out of your addiction. Don't entertain those thoughts, not for one minute because those thoughts can lead you back to prison brought back to jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or can take you out. Just depends
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a life to live. You have a have a child to raise you have a relationship to flourish, you know, you have all these good things that are going for you. And that's what you need to focus on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I didn't come out of a book that came out with my personal experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to art program. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Check it out.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'll check you out. See how it is. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isolation is no good for anybody because isolation Neil allows you to stay in your head and allows your addiction to tickle around up there and give you these little underlying thoughts, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to get out of your head, you want to, you want to be be doing things that are healthy and good for you, because that's what helps us gain our strength in recovery.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a mission.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Another another mission.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This mission that we're talking about is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out.
Quentono W.E. Neal: No mission.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Alright cool man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I will see you in group on Friday and see you back here next Tuesday, same time, same place.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I don't know if I'm supposed to tell you, but I'm going to have a colonoscopy. I think tomorrow. Okay, so
Quentono W.E. Neal: I told him that you guys were all
Quentono W.E. Neal: So let's take your medication.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, make sure that they know
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you, Rebecca for everything, you know, are uplifting and encouraging words and shit that didn't come out from my book.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I will see you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Friday and good luck tomorrow with your colonoscopy and they're not that bad.
They're not sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had one. They're not that bad.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's like you go to sleep and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You wake up you go to sleep.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And you wake up, it's better to go under anesthesia or go on to the other one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They put me under when they did mine. Okay. And like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was done. And before I even know it. And there was no side effects from it. There was nothing so
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, that's what so
Quentono W.E. Neal: Everybody goes through. Uh huh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, when they get older. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or if there's issues. But yeah, when they get older we go through it. Yes.
Quentono W.E. Neal: The older the older great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I will see you Friday. Ok. Ok. Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, have a good couple days.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, let's
Quentono W.E. Neal: Go. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye now. All right.
Later.